** This feedback is auto-generated from an LLM **

Dear Student,

Thank you for your submission. I have reviewed your work based on the requirements specified in the assignment. Below is the detailed feedback on each component:

Backfill Query Conversion:
Queries in SparkSQL:
You have effectively used SparkSQL with appropriate CTEs (WITH) for transforming data in both device_activity_datelist and host_cummulated jobs.
There are references to tables and proper casting of dates, which is good.
PySpark Job:
Device Activity Datelist Transformation:

The do_device_activity_datelist_transform function correctly implements the logic using SparkSQL. The usage of FULL OUTER JOIN and ARRAY_UNION shows your understanding of handling Slowly Changing Dimensions and array operations.
The job correctly handles the transformation and writes the output as expected.
Host Cumulative Transformation:

The do_host_cummulated_transform function is well implemented with logical separation of updated and new hosts. It handles cumulative host data accurately.
Setup:

The provided main functions execute the transformations and write the output effectively.
Tests:
Test for Device Activity Datelist:

The test cases are well-structured. You've used chispa for DataFrame comparison, which correctly validates the transformation.
You have considered both initial and cumulative scenarios in your tests, which provides confidence in the robustness of your transformation logic.
Test for Host Cummulated:

As with the device tests, the host tests are also set up to cover initial and cumulative scenarios efficiently.
Your use of mock data with namedtuple is an effective approach for simplicity and readability.
Areas of Improvement:
Ensure the usage of consistent date and time formats (in the events data, you use event_time as both strings and dates).
Although not explicitly asked, consider adding inline comments in the code to clarify complex logic for future maintainability.
Final Comments:
Overall, you have demonstrated a solid understanding of PySpark and SparkSQL transformations. The work adheres to best practices for transformation logic and testing, making it a well-rounded submission.

FINAL GRADE:
{
  "letter_grade": "A",
  "passes": true
}
Congratulations on your excellent work. Keep up the great efforts in your future assignments.

Best regards, [Your Name]