FINAL GRADE: A
Thank you for your submission. Let's review each file and provide feedback on your implementation:

1.sql

You have defined custom types film and quality_class effectively for organizing the data related to films and characterizing actor quality.
The actors table schema is well-structured with necessary fields and proper primary key constraint which ensures uniqueness for combinations of actorid and current_year.
2.sql

The function insert_actor_data is correctly returning a VOID. You have utilized CTEs (Common Table Expressions) for organizing your data operation efficiently.
The logic involving inserting records into the actors table by computing whether the actor’s record has changed over the year is sound. It's good that you are considering both last year's and this year’s data.
The use of COALESCE is appropriate to handle possible NULL values.
The logic for calculating the quality of actors based on avg_rating is implemented well.
You have appropriately set the is_active flag based on the presence of records for the current year.
3.sql

The actors_history_scd table creation script is well-structured, including essential constraints like the primary key on actorid and start_date to manage historical records efficiently.
4.sql

The process to populate actors_history_scd is detailed. Using windows functions like LAG for deriving changes in quality and is_active over years shows thoughtful implementation.
Correctly identifying changes and aggregating them to track start and end date ranges indicates understanding of Slowly Changing Dimensions (SCD) concepts.
5.sql

The insert_actor_scd function is comprehensive. You've considered scenarios including unchanged records, changed records, and new records, which are all crucial for maintaining the SCD table.
Utilizing the actor_scd_type composite type for managing changes simplifies the handling of updates across multiple fields.
The logic to ensure the actors_history_scd table remains up-to-date with an effective ON CONFLICT clause is well-executed, enhancing data integrity.
Overall, your submission demonstrates a solid understanding of SQL and PL/pgSQL concepts related to tables, functions, types, and data manipulation through SQL operations. You have effectively implemented a task that requires tracking changes over time using SCD techniques.

Suggestions for Improvement:

Consider adding indexes on frequently queried columns that aren't part of constraints for performance improvement in large datasets.
Adding comments and documentation within your SQL scripts could improve readability and maintainability, especially in complex data operations.
Final Grade:

Your submission is comprehensive, correctly implements all necessary functionalities, and demonstrates a solid understanding of the task requirements.

{
  "letter_grade": "A",
  "passes": true
}
